(Master Key is a key that
can open anything.)
Have you ever wished for this?
Master Key that can open anything.
If you can be the master of
this Master Key,
do you think you can handle it?
Is anyone here?
(This upgraded variety show will
change the course of variety shows.)
(Competitive games of hottest stars)
(Don't fall for their smiles.
Everyone around you is your enemy.)
(Who will be the final winner
to take the Master Key?)
(The Master Key)
(At 5am in Paju, Gyeonggi Province)
(A high-class safe house)
Good. I feel good today.
(Who is the first player that
arrives at the safe house?)
It looks great. Hello.
Please be careful.
(Lee Su Geun has many skills
as he is quick and clever.)
This place looks nice.
I love it.
Hello.
(Jun Hyun Moo was accepted at three
broadcasting stations. He is smart.)
Be quick. You will feel awkward.
You have to keep your hands down
and walk on the red carpet.
- Everyone came prepared.
- Look at his pants.
I could tell that he is Jong Min
even from far away.
Hey, Jong Min.
- Hello.
- Gosh.
- Hello, fools.
- He looks like he won an award.
You're right. We're fools.
Someone is coming.
- Who is it?
- There are some...
He looks like a fool like us.
- Why is he walking like that?
- He doesn't look like a fool.
But he thinks like Jong Min.
He looks awesome. Look how he walks.
Henry!
- Henry is here.
- Hello.
- Oh my gosh.
- I like it here.
- I like it here too.
- I like the red carpet.
- Red carpet.
- Since we are four guys here,
- there might be a female guest.
- There is another guest.
My expectation is high.
- Who is it?
- Who is here?
- He looks good.
- He does.
- Who is it?
- Baek Hyun is here.
- Really?
- I'm surprised.
- Isn't he a member of Exo?
- He is too famous to be here.
- Baek Hyun is really here.
- No way.
(Embarrassed)
Hello.
Hello. Hello.
- Hello.
- Everyone looks ordinary.
- He looks handsome.
- We should...
Don't you feel awkward
without other members today?
I feel awkward that I'm alone
on this show.
He's used to doing everything
with other members.
I'm sure five of us can...
- make the show entertaining.
- You're right.
We're not bad.
Someone is here.
Who is it?
Is five of us enough for the show?
- There are two people.
- Really?
- Who are they?
- Who are they? They are tall.
- They look so handsome.
- It seems full enough here.
- Aren't they...
- It looks like an award ceremony.
- The ones who sang "Pick Me".
- They are here.
If there are only two of them,
they must be Untitle.
- What are you talking about?
- He is so old.
- Hello.
- I think it's their first time.
- Right?
- Hello.
They greet properly.
This is great.
I was right.
- Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
- Can you shake my hands as well?
- Of course.
Good.
- Nice to meet you.
- They are so tall.
You're so lucky to be here.
- Daniel is wearing perfume.
- Perfume?
(A popular guy's scent)
- 8 years?
- There is a female guest finally.
You are right.
- She is wearing a dress.
- She's beautiful.
(A charming guest with
beautiful dimples, Kang Han Na)
- No way.
- She's wearing a dress.
(Everyone looks at her.)
Everyone welcomes her differently.
She is so beautiful.
- Can you see her?
- She's so far away.
- He can see her.
- I can see her.
- Hello.
- You could say that.
- Nice to meet you.
- Thanks for standing next to us.
- Thank you.
- Why didn't you stand next to them?
Did you feel shy to
stand next to those guys?
Yes, a little.
She feels comfortable next to us.
- Yes.
- They look handsome.
It felt like we were really walking
on a red carpet.
We could have just walked in a line.
- Right?
- There is a sexy guest.
- A sexy guest?
- Is there another guest?
- You find the male guest sexy?
- He looks good.
It's cold today,
and his shirt is open.
Jin Young!
- Oh, Jin Young is here.
- Hello.
- He's here.
- He's wearing a skin-toned T-shirt.
It wasn't his chest.
- I'm sorry.
- I thought it was his chest.
- I was confused.
- Right.
I haven't seen a turtleneck
sweater in a while.
I'm sorry.
- It's too protect himself.
- He has to protect his neck.
Welcome.
- Oh my gosh.
- Who is it?
Hello.
I want to be your star.
I'm Cha Eun Woo of Astro.
It's a guy again.
- Hello.
- Eun Woo is here too.
- Gosh.
- Astro.
- Hello.
(Find out how smart he is.
He owns many trophies.)
- He is so handsome.
- Hello.
- He looks so handsome.
- At least...
- There are only handsome players.
- He's so handsome.
Thanks to Hyun Moo,
he is lowering the average.
- I'm glad Su Geun is here too.
- What are you talking about?
- Hey.
- Don't you dare laugh at us.
If we ask people to vote for the
ugliest, you will be the one.
You have to stand here with us.
- He is so handsome.
- He is so ugly.
This is crazy. What do we do?
They look so handsome.
There is another ugly player coming.
(A mudfish looking, Park Sung Kwang)
(He is good at imitating
a drunk person.)
- Sung Kwang!
- He's here.
- Here he comes.
- Hello.
- He looks good.
- Oh my gosh.
- Hello.
We look similar.
It's not nice to ask him
to stand next to Eun Woo.
He looks ugly next to him.
Sung Kwang tried so hard
to look nice today.
- Someone else is here.
- Is there another player?
- Really?
- This is the last player.
Who is the final player?
(Cho Bo Ah is sweet and fresh.)
- She is the final player.
- Really?
Hello.
If she is the final player...
We might do s special game.
(A beautiful player is here.)
She is so pretty.
You can't even see how she looks.
- I can't even see her face yet.
- I can't see how she looks.
- I don't see how she looks like.
- He just likes her already.
- He likes all the girls.
- Hello.
I can't see how she looks like.
It's Bo Ah.
Bo Ah is here.
- Hello.
- Everyone looks so interested.
(All the guys are interested
in her.)
- Nice to meet you.
- Bo Ah is here.
- Hello.
Hello.
- Stand over here.
- How do we stand in order?
- Please stand here.
- Come this side.
You can stand next to the people
you feel the most comfortable.
- You can choose.
- Have a look.
- Someone I feel comfortable with?
- Yes.
I'm sure anyone would feel
the most comfortable to stand here.
(She stands next to them
to protect herself.)
What are you talking about? Don't
you feel uncomfortable next to us?
We can't do anything about it.
Why don't you feel uncomfortable
next to us?
Our show is the talk of the town
because of these players.
We're the members of Master Key.
(Welcome to Master Key.)
- Nice to meet you all.
- Nice to meet you.
Let's introduce ourselves.
Hello. I want to be your star.
I'm Cha Eun Woo of Astro.
I'm the leader of B1A4, Jin Young.
- Hello.
- Jin Young.
All I want to do, Wanna One.
Hello. I'm Kang Daniel of Wanna One.
Nice to meet you all.
All I want to do, Wanna One.
Hello. I'm Ong Seong Wu
of Wanna One.
Nice to meet you all.
I'm Ong Seong Wu, not Hong Seong Wu.
I'm Ong Seong Wu,
not Woong Seong Wu.
I'm Ong Seong Wu, not Kong Seong Wu.
Ong is a very rare surname.
He must be the first celebrity of
the Ong family.
It's a unique surname.
I heard about Ongsimi.
- Ongsimi?
- What?
Ongsimi is from Gangwon Province.
It's a name of food.
He is talking about Ongsimi.
It's not a name of person.
That's the only thing I know.
Jong Min will be criticized from
Wanna One's fans.
(He will be the one
to get criticized.)
- It was a bad joke.
- I'm sorry.
We are one.
Hello. I'm Baek Hyun.
I have the power of light.
He has a power.
- The power of light.
- He's embarrassed.
The power of light.
It's funny to say that I have the
power of light in the early morning.
The director of lighting is
in charge of the lighting here.
A lot of directors have that power.
He's a popular idol.
Hello. Nice to meet you all.
I'm Kang Han Na.
I like your dimple.
- He keeps talking about appearance.
- Why do you keep...
whispering in her ears?
- "I like your dimple."
(Don't you like her dimple?)
I recently did a drama called
"Moon Lovers" with Baek Hyun.
I did the drama with Baek Hyun.
You guys must be close then.
We're quite close.
Yes. It was fun to work with her.
Hello.
I'm Cho Bo Ah, and I'm currently
in the drama, "Temperature of Love".
Is there anyone that make you...
quite uncomfortable?
(Staring)
No. There isn't anyone.
She just looked at me.
- You just looked at me.
- No.
You just looked at me.
Sung Kwang,
don't point your fingers at her.
It's my habit.
Could you please stand
on the carpet?
I can't see anything from here.
You will be eliminated
if you don't stand on the carpet.
(They finished getting to know
all 12 players.)
What are we doing today?
Do you all know what kind of
show this is?
- I have no idea.
- Not a clue.
This show is to open
every viewer's hearts...
with Master Key.
We will have to push the ratings
to the top.
- He's so boring.
- From this early morning?
- He's that age.
- Was my comment old-fashioned?
Bo Ah even clapped for me.
- Did you like what I said?
- Yes. I liked it a lot.
(She made his boring speech funny.)
How old are you, Bo Ah?
What are you asking?
- I don't know how old she is.
- This is not a dating show.
What are you doing?
- Gosh.
- Oh no.
This was the speaker.
(Where is this mysterious sound
of bell coming from?)
Gosh. I was so surprised.
Welcome to Master Village.
I will be your guide at
Master Village. I'm Key Man.
- This is going to be fun.
- Key Man?
- Key Man.
This Master Village is
a secret place...
where only invited players
are allowed to participate...
in a secret game.
You are qualified to participate
in the game...
which offers amazing prizes and
cash prizes.
Would you like to participate?
- Yes.
It will be funny if we say no.
There is one thing that you need
to prepare...
to participate in a game
at Master Village.
It's the key.
In this Master Village,
there are hidden 12 keys...
that allow you to enter
Room of Fate.
- 12 keys.
Each player needs to find the key
now...
and enter Room of Fate.
Players, now you can start.
- Now?
Don't find 2 keys, just 1.
- It's a treasure hunt.
- Keys are around here.
They are around us.
- It's a treasure hunt.
- It is.
Where are you going?
It's a competition now.
Can we start looking
for the key now?
There are 12 of them.
Can I start now?
- What's going on?
- This way.
What's going on?
Someone gave me a hint.
(He found the key.)
- I found it.
- Do we need the key for the room?
I found it.
- I found it.
- Can you show me how it looks like?
It's just a key. I found one.
I found the key first.
Oh, the key looks like that.
It looks pretty.
I found one as well.
I knew it.
I knew it would be in the grass.
I also found it.
It looks pretty.
I can't see well. It's so dark.
Do you need the light?
I should call Baek Hyun
when I need the light.
- We need light.
- It's so dark.
- I'm sorry.
- When I find it...
Room of Fate...
I found one.
(Players start to find
their keys to Room of Fate.)
Those with no keys,
continue searching.
I'm doomed.
What if I don't find one?
What do I do?
What are you doing, Seong Wu?
- You found one earlier.
- Yes.
You should help me then.
I will help you.
I think I should.
(He starts helping Seong Wu.)
What do we do?
The key might be at the back.
I'm not good at this.
When I was at school,
I used to find all the treasure.
Oh, wait. It's here.
I'm good at this.
I think it's this way.
(He is the expert of treasure hunt.)
Jin Young.
Keys are in secluded areas.
Are you guys helping him?
- Yes.
- You will be successful one day.
- Gosh. No.
Give me your autograph.
It will be at the back.
Jin Young.
Did he call my name?
(He is a generous guy from Busan.)
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
I like playing games fairly.
Let's go to Room of Fate.
Come. I think it's this way.
Look at this.
It looks so nice.
It's amazing.
This is Room of Fate.
There are so many keys.
- This is amazing.
- It's so nice.
Look at this.
- This set looks amazing.
- It does.
I think we need to use our
brains to solve the games.
I think so too. This table is
where we stand.
What is this place?
It looks amazing.
This is incredible.
- Don't be surprised.
- Come in!
Everyone, come in,
and don't let it surprise you.
- This is amazing.
- It has our names. Bo Ah, here.
- Thank you.
- Isn't this nice?
- Yes, this is so nice.
- It looks so cool in here.
Hey, they didn't
a half-hearted job. See?
- I get why they kept it a secret.
- Hey, Henry.
- Yes?
- Oh, my. This is unbelievable.
In a way, this looks quite grand.
- What? What is this?
- Hey, it's spinning!
- Hey, play us the music.
- Come in quickly.
- Hurry.
- All right, everyone.
Stand in front of the podium
that has your name.
The doors are closing.
They are automatic.
- We can't get out then?
- Seriously?
You're in the Room of Fate
which will determine...
the fate of your keys
in Master Village.
- This sounds fun.
- I will now tell you...
how the keys you're holding will...
affect your fates on this show
in detail.
Please open the lid of the podium
placed in front of you.
Please open it.
- This is great. Something's inside.
- What is this?
- What's this?
- What?
All right. So among 12 keys,
there are only two Mastery Keys
that can open the prize box.
Only two keys among the keys
we have can open the box.
We must accomplish missions
scattered throughout the Village.
We have to guess two people who
have the Master Keys accurately.
That's how we'll win
the prize money.
The important thing is that whoever
has the Master Key must...
- pretend he or she doesn't have it.
- That's right.
- This is similar to the mafia game.
- Exactly.
Whoever has the Master Key
among us...
- must keep that poker face.
- Right.
- Please tell us.
- Then the game already started...
when we were looking for the keys.
- If...
- Yes.
- He's right.
- This sounds fun.
- All right. What do we do next?
- Let's go!
All right. Aren't you curious...
whose keys are the Master Keys?
I will inform you how to check
if your keys are...
the Master Keys this very moment.
First, place your keys
on the counter.
"Is this key the Master Key?"
Ask this question.
When you do, the counter will
give you the answer.
The first player.
(You must find out your fate
with your own eyes.)
(Who will be the first player
to check their fate of the key?)
Mr. Jun Hyun Moo will...
be the first one to check his key.
All right, Hyun Moo. You can do it.
- I'm bad at concealing my face.
- Hyun Moo.
- Put your key and ask the question.
- "Is this key the Master Key?"
I won't look. Just be careful
of your neighbor.
You can cover the bottom
and only your face...
- I won't look.
- I...
Give it a try.
Is this key the Master Key?
He can't see it yet.
- We have to see him from here.
- Not yet, not yet.
- I'll stand next to Jong Min.
- I can't see.
- From a distance...
- I can do this instead.
I can't see his face well.
He's really bad at acting.
- I don't think it's the Key.
- Wait.
Hey, stop.
(He puts on a mysterious smile.)
(We got you!)
I bet his key isn't it.
I don't think it's the Master Key.
I can see your eyes getting red.
- He doesn't have it.
- Hyun Moo.
He looks like he's hiding something.
I don't think he has it.
All right. Henry.
- Ask the question.
- His neighbors should come here.
- Do I put it here?
- Place it on the counter.
Is this key the Master Key?
- I think his key is it.
- Is it not?
- I think he has it.
- He has a weird look on his face.
- I think he has the Master Key.
- It...
- He doesn't have it.
- Wait, no.
That's his house key.
- He might be acting on purpose.
- He looks he's disappointed.
- No way.
- Hyun Moo and Henry don't have it.
- Look at his face.
- He's not acting.
- You'll know once you ask it.
- He's doing that on purpose.
He's exaggerating.
He doesn't have it.
- He's exaggerating his gesture.
- Yes!
I'm so certain you don't have it.
- Su Geun.
- I'm sure you don't have it.
I can exclude you with confidence.
- That might be his play.
- He seems disappointed.
You all should make
your own judgment. Baek Hyun.
Goodness.
Is this key the Master Key?
- I'm nervous for him.
- Check if his eyes are shaking.
We must study his face closely.
- When people lie...
- His hair is covering his eyes.
Wait. There's nothing...
- Wait. Hold on.
- What was that line?
His facial expression is
so mysterious.
- He doesn't show any expressions.
- That...
- What's up with your mouth?
- He smiled out of nowhere.
- What's up with that?
- That was sudden.
- Hey, stop acting.
- No, I'm not acting.
- All right.
- Why did you smile suddenly?
Is this key the Master Key?
All right. With the expression
he has on now...
We might've spotted him when he
tried acting in a situation as this.
- Seong Wu.
- I can't read his face.
But it's so hard to figure someone
out by just reading the face.
- What is it?
- Show us your face.
- Let us see your face.
- Look at his eyes.
What is it?
(Smiling)
- He's good at acting.
- No, he can't act.
- What an actor.
- This is fun.
(What does his smile mean?)
I think he has something to hide.
- It's your turn, Daniel.
- Okay.
Is this key the Master Key?
Sung Kwang, move away
from him a bit more.
Move back.
- Hold on a minute.
- That's vague facial expression.
He's not showing any expressions.
(He almost loses his poker face.)
- He smiled just slightly.
- That was...
I think his smile was fake.
- Seong Wu, what do you think?
- Yes?
The Daniel I know...
(How will Seong Wu
evaluate Daniel's expression?)
The Daniel I know...
is raising some doubts.
Daniel seems suspicious? Then,
Seong Wu, you're suspicious too.
You tried to put the spotlight
on someone else.
Is this key the Master Key?
(Jin Young and Han Na
will check their keys next.)
Is this key the Master Key?
I think he's acting.
- He's trying to act now.
- I don't think he has it.
- I don't think his key is the Key.
- If he reads it too long, it's not.
She just smiled.
- Why is she smiling?
- She's acting now?
- Goodness.
- Why is it funny?
- She has a strange expression on.
- He's looking at it too long.
- It means it's not it.
- He smiled.
Is this key the Master Key?
- I don't know about his.
- You saw it?
Eun Woo.
Look at his face.
- He's confident.
- It hasn't changed even a bit.
- No, no.
- Bo Ah. It's your turn.
Bo Ah has big eyes.
She's a good actress,
but she has big eyes.
Her eyes are really pretty.
- That was so sudden.
- Excuse me.
- You can't share your feelings.
- He's cute.
I just said her eyes are pretty.
Are you hitting on Bo Ah
since it didn't work on Han Na?
Is your ideal type Bo Ah?
- Ask the question.
- Her face got red.
Is this key the Master Key?
Look at her eyes.
- They got big and small.
- I don't see any changes.
- She's so good at acting.
- Actually, it may be more likely...
people with poker faces
have the Key.
Is this key the Master Key?
He said it without getting it wrong.
Then you can't read either, can you?
I can't see.
(We got you!)
What?
- That was so terrible.
- That's horrible acting.
Don't even try.
You should resign from this show.
- Why?
- That was amazing.
This is the first episode.
- How can you act right away?
- He's unbelievable.
Jong Min has the reputation.
So I can't figure him out.
Everyone, you must form
your own judgment.
- I don't think he has it.
- All right. Please start.
Can you stop doing old gestures?
- Seriously.
- Are you a magician?
A magician for the kids show.
(He's chanting a ridiculous spell.)
Queen Ankhesenamen.
- What? Ankhesenamen?
- What was that?
- He must've seen the film recently.
- Ankhesenamen.
(He's saying nonsense.)
Is this key the Master Key?
No, your height is 160cm.
Ankhesenamen.
(I have received your message.)
- Why is he smiling?
- I don't know.
- No way. He doesn't have it.
- His key isn't the Master Key.
- He talks too much. It's not it.
- No.
- He doesn't have it.
- I know him. His key isn't it.
In fact, Jong Min might
have the Key.
- No way.
- It's so hard to read the faces.
All right. Now, every player
has finished checking the keys.
The game to figure out...
the owners of the Master Keys
will begin right away.
(Among 12 players,
only 2 hold the Master Keys.)
(Which 2 players are
holding the Keys?)
(Room of Fate and the locker-room)
- What is it?
- It was obvious.
- It was very obvious.
- I figured out at least one player.
- No.
- I'm on the red team.
I'm on the read team.
Do we have to change?
I'll keep your secret.
- You have it, don't you?
- Henry.
- There's food too.
- No, I don't.
- Henry is feeling him out.
- Henry.
I know you have it, Henry.
Stop acting like you don't have it.
One of the players looked
so obvious just now.
(One of the players looked
so obvious just now.)
- That player made it look obvious.
- Which one?
There's one. I won't share it.
- Right, Daniel?
- Wait, no.
(1st prime suspect, Daniel)
- "Wait, no." You sounded awkward.
- Didn't I catch you off guard?
Come on. Stop it.
I think Daniel does have it.
- You think so, don't you?
- No, I don't.
- I saw your facial expression.
- I'm certain you don't have it.
(Baek Hyun's facial expression
seemed suspicious?)
(He was checking
the fate of his key.)
Wait. There's nothing...
(You pretended you couldn't see it.
How suspicious!)
- Why couldn't you see anything?
- Let's put a pin on Baek Hyun.
- Baek Hyun seems suspicious to me.
- You...
- We have to take off pants here.
- Can we change here?
- That's okay.
- Can the viewers see my body?
Seriously?
Goodness, how can
your body be so muscular?
(Hidden muscles under his pretty
face charm the female viewers.)
(I have the best muscular body!)
Daniel, that's so cool.
Everyone in the dormitory...
(We comply
with the broadcasting regulations.)
But doesn't it feel
like we're in a sauna?
Even when we are talking,
someone has the Keys.
- Right. They must be having fun.
- I'm so envious of you.
I'm serious.
It's bright now.
I feel like I got out of a theater
after watching a film.
Goodness, this is incredible.
- Oh, my.
- What is this?
- Goodness, this is quite big.
- Look at that.
- This is amazing.
- What an honor.
I think players on Team Red
have already been...
divided into their own.
Baek Hyun and Daniel
are good at sports.
And she holds
the fourth-degree black belt.
Jong Min and Hyun Moo
are useless in sports.
Come on.
- Henry can't do much either.
- We have a good player though.
All right. We'll stop here.
(During the power struggle,
the monitors are turned on.)
- "Each team must..."
- "place the keys in the storage."
Goodness, Master Key!
- They prepared a lot.
- Indeed.
I think mine is a Master Key.
(12 players are divided into
Team Su Geun and Team Hyun Moo.)
(The winning team will get the hint
to figure out who have Master Keys.)
The viewers can
actually participate...
- in our show.
- This is really important.
Before the shoot, on our website,
the crew revealed the players of the
show for viewers called Watchers.
I complained to the crew why
we're doing something like this.
- We were on that list.
- That's right.
- Do you think they'd vote for us?
- Sure.
Did we get any votes?
- I don't know.
- The voting...
- will ruin some people.
- Right.
Sung Kwang, Su Geun, Jong Min,
and I won't expect anything.
This isn't fair. Only viewers
above 40 should vote.
The player the Watchers are
rooting for the most.
We have the result, don't we?
- Are we going to reveal the player?
- What if it's me?
I hope the player is
from our team though.
I can see that some of you are
actually looking forward to it.
- I can spot a few of you.
- No, I'm not.
- Please reveal it.
- Since we don't know the result,
- we should look nervous.
- No one can get upset...
because they got only a few votes.
Who is the player the Watchers
are rooting for the most?
Please reveal it!
(The player with the most support
from the Watchers)
(Will it be Daniel who is
well-known these days?)
(Or will it be Baek Hyun
who is a complete package?)
(He's expectant too.)
- Please.
- You'll reveal the whole ranking?
Please be me.
(The contest of the preliminary
voting will be neck and neck.)
(Who will have the honor
of getting ranked 1st?)
- What if it's me?
- Show us the entire ranking.
What if it's me?
(Baek Hyun)
(Baek Hyun of Exo is ranked 1st.)
(This is the class
of an idol singer.)
- An Exo member was in that team.
- Thank you.
- I knew it.
- I saw it coming.
- You put your arm around him.
- Team Red won.
You can take that.
Already?
- Check the front.
- Really?
- I thought it started next week.
- There are more than one.
Why are there two envelopes?
- Please take one.
- He can take whichever he wants.
- This is amazing.
- This is such a good advantage.
- He won it?
- Yes.
- Then...
- I don't think it's Jong Min.
Then who do you think it is?
Hyun Moo.
I think it'll be him too.
- No.
- What about the last?
He won't reveal what's
written on the card?
Only he can know?
- That sounds right.
- I bet Sung Kwang and Hyun Moo...
(He can use the Gold Chance
Card at a critical moment.)
I've decided.
Thank you.
This is such a great card.
- I can turn the table around.
- Is it good for the team or you?
(The die has been cast.)
(Baek Hyun's Gold Chance Card
brought a twist after a twist.)
(What is his decision that
threw the game into chaos?)
Let us know who got the least votes
to put him out of misery.
- We know who got the most.
- You might get hurt.
Didn't you purposely make whoever
got the least wear this shirt?
- I guess this was a penalty.
- This...
This is almost like a penalty.
He's wearing his mom's clothes.
- Daniel, who do you think it is?
- Who is it?
- They won't be offended.
- To be honest,
- Who got the least votes?
- Well...
Hyun Moo.
That's right.
It's probably Hyun Moo.
- I even hosted your debut show.
- Sorry.
- Baek Hyun, what about you?
- I think it'd be Sung Kwang.
- Sung Kwang?
- Really?
We don't need to vote.
What about you, Jin Young?
Sung Kwang got two votes.
- I agree.
- Three votes.
- She spoke to me for the 1st time.
- 4 votes.
He's getting all the votes.
Eun Woo?
- I'm with them.
- Five votes.
- Seong Wu?
- He might vote differently.
- I think it'd Sung Kwang.
- Goodness.
(Regretfully, he chooses
Sung Kwang as well.)
If this is the case,
we shouldn't reveal the player.
Hey, you're ranked first
at least in here.
Somehow, I am ranked first here.
You should ask the question.
"Who got the least votes?"
Who is it?
(Jun Hyun Moo)
(Jun Hyun Moo was ranked 12th
in the preliminary voting.)
(We shouldn't have
checked the result.)
I got it right!
It's you!
You lost out to me!
I got more votes!
Hey, I have more votes than you.
You should be ashamed of yourself!
Let's be friends.
- His ears got red. He's mad.
- Hold on.
How many shows do I need to star on?
- Are you all right?
- He's angry.
- Come on.
- Wait.
I'm not shocked that
I was ranked last.
I'm shocked that I got
less votes than Sung Kwang.
You should work on your reputation.
I got more votes,
but I'm not that happy either.
What's the difference?
- He got twice as many votes as you.
- Really?
I must've gotten 2,
and you must've gotten 4.
(There isn't much difference.)
(The preliminary voting only
wounded the players.)
- Okay.
- I should work harder.
Let's play the first game.
- What do we need to do?
- It's called Time Your Dance.
Six players of each team will
dance in order.
The last player must press the
buzzer as soon as the time is up.
Then the team will win.
But if they fail to do so, the last
player will face the penalty.
- Can I do Thomas Flare?
- Yes.
- What is it?
- Give me a helmet.
You're really good at it too.
I'll do the wave.
- Get ready to faint. It's too sexy.
- I'm so bad at dancing.
And you musicians. You know
the choreography of your dance.
- How will you know when time's up?
- We'll know.
- I actually practiced timing it.
- Henry, you must do well.
We have to calculate by measures.
- Baek Hyun, you should go.
- It's important.
The last person must wear this.
Your outfit is so red.
This has shoulder pads.
Let's go.
Don't forget. It's 100 seconds.
- Play the music.
- Play it.
Let's go. Here we go!
(They must know
when their 100 seconds are up.)
Sung Kwang, you must
dance more passionately.
(He gets excited and
brightens up the atmosphere.)
(They start distracting the team
at the same time.)
(Let's stay calm.)
(Other players must count
the numbers and dance to succeed.)
(The music changes
to the second song.)
(He executes the move well.)
This is Kang Daniel!
He's a good dancer.
What are you looking at? Just dance.
- Hyun. You should just dance.
- Should I pass it on now?
(Hyun focuses on counting
even if he wants to dance.)
(He brings more excitement
to the set with the song.)
1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
(The third song plays.)
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
(They distract him more
as time passes.)
That's such an old move.
Look at Su Geun.
Baek Hyun, he's good.
(This is a dance move
from the 1990s.)
Baek Hyun.
(Now, the singer of the song gets
to dance to the song.)
Goodness.
Did about 50 seconds pass?
(This is how you should
dance to this song.)
- 50 seconds?
- 50 seconds.
It's been 50 seconds.
What's going on?
(This is the sexy wave dance?)
What is this?
Baek Hyun, look at her.
(She's showing the dance
she promised.)
Baek Hyun, what happened?
- That's nice.
- That's cute.
That was cute.
(The game depends on his hand now.)
Baek Hyun, did you count?
He's good. He's a good dancer.
- What's the time?
- How long is he going to dance?
45 seconds.
(He looks composed so far.)
It's been 54 seconds.
(Without knowing how long
it's been, the song changes.)
Isn't the time up?
62 seconds.
88 seconds.
- 64 seconds.
- Baek Hyun, you can do it!
What is it?
Gosh, what's that?
(The time is up, and
Baek Hyun fails.)
No way.
(The penalty for those who failed
is the cold water shower.)
(It's fun since it's someone else
getting the penalty.)
(Is this really happening?)
(He stopped at 104 seconds,
so it counts as a failure.)
(If you're wrong, you'll have
to face the cold water.)
(He wants to cry.)
What is this?
(An unexpected penalty makes
them burst into laughter.)
- No way.
- Bring it to me.
Hey, I'm not going to play this.
I won't time it.
- You were so right.
- I didn't expect this at all.
- You look sexy.
- My hair is better than yours now.
Do I have a chance
to blow-dry my hair?
- Do I have the chance?
- Hey, Baek Hyun.
- Every song has a different tempo.
- I got it.
Okay. I think Bo Ah is...
the best at doing
the wave dance in Korea.
That was so surprising.
She started from here, but ended
up all the way in the back.
(This is the sexy wave
dance she prepared.)
I didn't know she'd dance like that.
- I learned it last week.
- I didn't know. Really?
- That's no joke.
- The water...
(She needs the computer graphics.)
I thought you were getting
a physical therapy.
I bet Han Na would feel a bit
intimidated by her dance.
- It's our turn.
- Who will be the last player?
- We should discuss it.
- I practiced timing the dance.
We should discuss it. We need
to come up with a good plan.
- Wouldn't Henry be good at it?
- Henry, are you good at this?
- Henry is a genius musician.
- That's right.
- He plays the piano.
- You should go last.
- He is a musical genius.
- Think that you're a metronome.
- Hold on. Let's talk this over.
- Henry. Henry.
- What should I do?
- Your hair got so flat.
- Wait.
- No.
- That's not right.
- We haven't decided it.
- No, we made our decision.
- Who?
- I can't.
- You're a talented musician.
- No, no.
- Henry is a genius.
I know nothing about music.
You're good at timing the beats.
Let's see. Who will be
the last player from your team?
He's the walking metronome
the whole world acknowledges.
- He's a musical genius.
- He's a genius indeed.
- I have faith in him.
- Get ready. You'll start now.
- We can do it.
- Play the music!
(The 2nd round starts!)
(She's getting into the song.)
(This is the dance I'll do!)
How adorable! That's cute.
(Gosh, this is making
me so excited!)
That's great!
(Here comes Hyun Moo's hyper dance.)
What is that? Come on.
(He's silly from head to toe.)
(This walking metronome
is fully occupied.)
(He's after the ladies
as well as 100 seconds.)
(All I hear is the clock
ticking away.)
(His strong moves come
from his long legs and arms.)
He's good.
He's charming.
You can do it slowly.
Slowly.
(He's so concentrated in counting
the time.)
45 seconds.
Do it now.
(Do it now.)
(Here is the dancing machine
from the 20th century.)
(His moves are same.)
Henry! Henry!
- Henry.
- Go!
- Good.
(It's Seong Wu's turn.)
(It's Wanna One's key dance,
thigh dance.)
"Red Flavor".
(I can handle "Red Flavor".)
I think Henry got confused.
90 seconds!
- He's wrong.
- He's confused now.
(Henry is the last person to dance.)
If he gets this one right,
he is a genius.
- Why are you not dancing?
- I'm certain.
- 99 seconds.
If he gets this one right,
he is a genius.
(Pouring)
(No way he is a human metronome.)
(Don't be so sloppy, Henry.)
They are cruel.
I was so certain.
Why did you call my name then?
45 seconds.
(He was right until 45 seconds.)
(However,
he started counting faster.)
55 seconds.
- Why are you not dancing?
- I'm certain.
- 99 seconds. 100 seconds.
(His counting was 6 seconds ahead.)
(He's sad.)
No way.
He was supposed to dance,
but he was only counting.
Don't you know this dance?
It's so popular in Europe.
If you make the dance funny,
we will just let it pass.
No.
(Just do your signature dance.)
That's why you're not popular.
I haven't seen this dance
for so long.
- It's an old dance.
- We lost the dance competition.
- You won.
- Let's move on.
- Okay.
(He looks handsome even
when he's only moving his hands.)
(You need more practice.)
I need to just press the button
at 100 seconds, right?
I think she will do well.
How old is Bo Ah?
(Wait for my dance.)
You guys were asked each other
to go up there.
And keep decline.
Bo Ah just volunteers herself.
Let me do it.
Why is she so confident? Music...
please.
(3rd round begins.)
(It starts off with Exo's "Growl".)
They only play songs
that fits the singers too well.
(She can't enjoy
this dance festival.)
Dance together.
Let's go.
(Even if we get it wrong,
just dance.)
(He's a bad dancer.)
(It's your turn.)
(The song changes to "Pick Me".)
(Pick me, pick me, pick me up)
I don't want to look at his dance.
He looks like a baby octopus.
- Good.
- Let's go.
- He's trying it so hard.
(The baby octopus opens up
the "Pick Me" time.)
(It's Daniel's dance time.)
(What?)
(Even if the song changes,
I know how to groove.)
(He plays an imaginary guitar
nicely.)
He is good.
He is a good dancer.
Quick!
Okay. Take the turns quickly.
She said we have to be quick.
(62 seconds passed.)
- 100 seconds!
- He's also good.
Do it quickly!
Quick.
Now.
Gosh.
(She stopped the time.)
- She pressed it.
- I think she pressed it too early.
(Pouring)
(Bo Ah failed to get it right.)
Oh no.
- Are you okay?
- Gosh.
(Here is a waterfall.)
Oh my gosh.
(She is wide awake.)
Are you okay?
How many seconds was it then?
Hold on. I will write it down.
You are not mad, are you?
She checks the time first.
She is professional.
Gosh.
(Team Su Geun counted until
79.61 seconds.)
You deserve it.
She's so weird.
Her dance was not even good,
and told me to finish
my dance quickly.
She sounded so certain.
(She hurried Su Geun
and she failed.)
Let's go forward
when it's your turn.
- Okay.
- No.
Eun Woo just needs to do it himself.
You just keep dancing like this.
Please count with me.
Are you ready? Music please.
("Genuine" by Koyote)
It starts now. Get ready.
(What is this song?)
No. This is a bad song.
- Why?
- Don't listen to this song.
Her dances are similar to mine.
- Yes.
- In 1, 2, 3, 4.
(They start to disturb
Hyun Moo's team.)
(I can't hear anything.)
(He's also counting.)
(Pass the windy reed field)
(He calmly continues to count.)
(Other members are partying.)
(We trust Seong Wu and Eun Woo.)
(As Su Geun starts singing
"Arirang",)
(Henry covers Seong Wu's ears.)
(It's torture to keep
himself from dancing.)
(A satisfying moonwalk)
He's good.
(Seong Wu and Eun Woo
continue to count.)
- How long has it been?
- How long?
It's early.
- Keep going.
- It's been only 50 seconds.
- 7,
- 6, 5, 4, 3...
- He's good.
- 2, 1.
(I can't hold my excitement.)
(This metronome is malfunctioning.)
(Forget it. Let's just dance.)
(I have to concentrate.)
- 9, 8...
7, 6,
5, 4, 3...
(He stopped the time.)
(Pouring)
(Eun Woo failed.)
- He's wet.
- Look at him.
(Even if they failed,
they left many great moments.)
(Han Na looks very excited.)
(Seong Wu's great moves)
(3 seconds before the rain,
when will they get it right?)
- 48 seconds.
- Let's go.
- 100 seconds.
- 4, 5, 6...
11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17...
(What's going on?
On this beautiful day)
(It's going to be boring without
the interruption.)
Let's go!
(Stop me if you can.)
(He dances nicely.)
You can tell me when to stop.
Do this.
- 50 seconds.
- Just guess it.
Just trust your senses.
Wait for the first verse to end.
10,
- 9, 8, 7, 6,
- 5, 4, 3, 2...
(He stopped the time.)
(Pouring)
It was so close.
(Daniel has failed.)
He is so polite.
He is.
I think I can get it right
this time.
- Are you going to do it?
- Okay.
- Seong Wu wants to try it.
- Hey.
I think I can get it
right this time.
You want to do it on your own?
You don't need our help?
- Okay. I will do it.
- Are you sure?
- Are you going to do it alone?
- Just pass me the turn.
- Okay.
- When do we give your turn?
- Straight after we start?
- He seems confident.
- Let's dance for one second.
- I don't mind.
- Okay.
- Why do you guys...
always take 10 minutes to start?
Please. I beg you.
It's to win the game.
- It's our wish.
- Please.
Let's go.
Music please.
(6th round begins.)
(Seong Wu starts counting.)
(This song helped me get famous.)
(Hyun Moo starts dancing.)
Finish your dance now.
(His dance has to be funny.)
- No.
- Don't get greedy.
- Stop dancing.
- Let's go.
(He's busy counting.)
Seong Wu!
Seong Wu.
- Let's go.
- Seong Wu.
Gosh. Dance harder.
(I don't care what they're doing.)
Seong Wu!
(He stays like a calm metronome.)
(You dance.
I will continue counting.)
Show us your moves.
(It's already Henry's turn.)
Dance.
(He moves like a clock.)
Did you count?
He's good.
(He keeps counting the time
without making a mistake.)
You're counting it wrong.
- It's too slow.
- 9, 8, 7, 6,
5, 4, 3,
He's going to fail.
He's doomed.
- Look at him.
- He stopped counting.
I forgot.
(Shocking)
He's not even dancing.
Just guess it then.
(I can do this.)
(I promised my members.)
(He said he can do it this time.)
(But when the moment comes)
I forgot.
(We must trust Seong Wu now.)
(Will he get it in 100 seconds?)
Come on.
(Will he succeed?)
(Or not.)
Did you forget?
Yes. I rushed.
(He forgot.)
I could do it before.
(He should've never got excited.)
Let me make a suggestion.
Whoever wins this game,
pick the most annoying person
from the other team...
and pour the rest of water.
Okay?
Even if we win,
we'll do that on you.
- Sure. I'm making a suggestion.
- The most annoying person.
- Okay?
- Okay. Music please.
(7th round starts.)
("Loner" by Outsider)
It's killing the mood.
- What is he doing?
- Copy him.
(Forget about 100 seconds guess
for a second)
(Move your body
along the calm rhythm)
What if they get it?
That's Korean dance.
The movement of a swan.
(Baek Hyun the master
of Korean dance)
Oh, dear.
- That's good.
- 20 seconds.
How am I going to dance to it?
There's no answer to this.
(Everyone's out of idea.)
- Baek Hyun.
- Yes?
We're going to copy your dance.
You need to do well.
(The first dance is important.)
Come on. Come on.
(Mr. Tong again?)
- It's Mr. Tong.
- Out of nowhere.
We can do it.
- Let's go with Mr. Tong.
- You need to teach me.
Mr. Tong dance.
(Tong dance with everyone)
(It's out of blue,
but it goes well.)
(He's counting seconds
with his eyes and ears closed.)
(It looks like
Mr. Tong dance competition.)
(Even after the attack of Mr. Tong,)
(he continues to count.)
You look desperate.
What's wrong with you all?
That's not even funny.
(I'll trade my eyes with someone
who hasn't seen this yet.)
He does that all the time.
(Bumpy)
He's good.
(It's hilarious.)
(Everyone's addicted to
Mr. Tong dance.)
(Graceful finish up
with Korean dance.)
- She's like a human cultural asset.
- "Human cultural asset."
(Now it's Jin Young's turn.)
I trust you, Jin Young.
Please. Don't go over 100 seconds,
Jin Young.
Don't count out loud.
(Time stops.)
(Music stopped,)
(but the penalty team isn't here.)
- What's going on?
- This is unbelievable.
(Did Su Geun team...)
(get 100 seconds?)
(Excluding the decimal point,)
(they only need to get 100 seconds.)
(Succeeded! 100.72 seconds!)
(Joy...)
(and sorrow)
No way. No way.
We won.
My goodness.
(Now they need to pick someone from
Team Hyun Moo for penalty.)
Point 65 seconds...
(They choose Hyun Moo
without hesitation.)
Wait. Listen.
(One should always see further.)
Let me make a suggestion.
(He didn't know back then...)
(that he'll be the annoying person.)
(He becomes the annoying person.)
Why me?
Why am I here?
It's for an annoying person.
Sit down.
Ask your team members.
This doesn't make sense.
What are you doing?
(The members are busy
carrying water with a bucket.)
- Give me one.
- What are you doing?
Come here. Take one.
Is this a bathhouse or what?
I'll be angry
if this doesn't go on air.
Don't say that.
(Don't worry about it.)
Grab the bottom.
Wait.
Do we get only one chance?
You have nature of enjoying
other people's agony.
(Today's big fun event)
We pour at once.
1, 2, 3.
(Water splashes.)
I don't think it'll be on air.
(The water bomb penalty isn't
that good due to faulty aim.)
You didn't aim him right.
No?
(There's one more.)
(We'll make you spotless.)
(From the popularity vote to
water bomb, it's been a long day.)
(It's fun watching.)
(Big smile on their face)
(Key Guide)
Key Guide is...
12 guides that will help you
find the Master Key.
- You all have read it.
- Yes.
Every time you win a game,
you'll get a chance
to win one of the Key Guide.
Let's decide which one
we'll receive.
- Yes.
Which one would you like?
- Pick one.
- Lie detector.
Let's settle down here.
- With what?
- Master Key?
That one.
"You can choose one of the keys
from the other team and check it."
- Just...
- This...
- settles it.
- one person's?
Then we should go with the dice.
We could get two.
"Regardless of the team,
you can choose three keys..."
"to find out the existence
of the Master Key."
Since the other team's wet,
electrocute them
with the lie detector.
(He's so creative.)
We could try it.
That's...
(Team Su Geun finally
made the decision.)
Because...
- Hurry up.
- Choose three people.
Please read out the one you chose.
"Regardless of the team,
you can choose three keys..."
"to find out the existence
of the Master Key."
Choose three people,
and you'll get to know whether
there is one or not.
Who would be the first one?
It'd be Baek Hyun. No.
- It's not Baek Hyun.
- Pardon?
- I choose Jong Min.
- Jong Min.
(Jong Min's suspicious
because he always lacks.)
I say Seong Wu.
(Seong Wu did a good job
for the dance timer.)
We should pick those who don't
look like it...
and eliminate them.
- Otherwise, they'll confuse us.
- Okay.
- What about Hyun Moo?
- Let's go with him.
Jong Min, Seong Wu, and Hyun Moo.
Three people.
Bring your keys please.
This is quite a blow.
This shouldn't be happening now.
(Is there a Master Key owner
among them?)
That's yours.
He looks nervous.
Hyun Moo, Jong Min,
and Seong Wu's...
You're going to regret it.
Give me the Master Key please.
(If there is a Master Key, it will
tell whether there is one or not.)
Put Hyun Moo in number one.
- There's no number.
- Still.
Jong Min.
Make it easy to give it back.
Seong Wu.
(The selection of
the first Key Guide is over.)
What's your strategy, Su Geun?
Did you add someone
who isn't highly likely?
I added someone
who isn't highly likely,
but there will be one for sure.
- I see.
- Right.
- There's one for a scheme.
- Yes.
- I'm curious. I can't wait.
We'll open it now.
(Su Geun team's reaction
will be good evidence.)
(Three people's keys
on the judgment)
(Hyun Moo kept an impassive face.)
(Seong Wu had a mysterious smile.)
(Jong Min was such a bad actor.)
(Is there a Master Key owner
among them?)
Is there a Master Key
among these keys?
(Is there a Master Key among them?)
(What's the result?)
[Kocowa Ver] SBS  E01 Master Key
-= Ruo Xi =-
From 00:51:48 till 00:52:22 no translation from KOCOWA
(Is there a Master Key owner
among them?)
Is there a Master Key
among these keys?
(Is there a Master Key among them?)
(What's the result?)
(None of them has a Master Key.)
(Okay, great!)
(What have they seen?)
This way.
I bet it wasn't worth it.
This is why you can never tell.
They're such good actors.
- I'll give you back the keys.
- There's none.
- Were you certain this time?
- Of course. I picked three people.
(Then now...)
(they've found out that these 3
people aren't the one.)
(Who has the Master Key?)
Like I said earlier, this show
is not about winning.
- Really?
- Who has the Master Key?
Games are all about winning.
- It's about winning.
- No.
Games are just for fun.
It's for the participants.
But in the end, we must find
the owner of the Master Key.
That's all I'm thinking about.
You need to win the game
to win a hint.
- The guy is here.
- This is why we lose.
That's right.
I don't care.
He said he doesn't care.
- How could you say that?
- I don't care.
This show is about finding
the owner of the Master Key.
- He's the boss.
- Okay, then...
the last game was physical,
but you need to use your brain
for this game.
There are quizzes that...
Watchers left on comments.
(Watchers visit
the Master Key homepage,)
(and imagine the impression
of the player)
- These people...
- Watchers...
They are from Watchers.
They wrote the answer.
(Questions and answers)
(With a lot of support and love,
Watcher Quiz is completed.)
Except for two bosses, rest of you
will sit on a wheel chair.
When one of the bosses
give out a quiz,
you need to hurry up,
and answer the question.
You need to line up
to answer the question.
- Do we need to run fast?
- Yes.
We're all smart, but you...
Black team. Could you please
stop discussing?
They lost because they discuss.
It's because they discuss.
- Okay.
- You don't have to get it.
People on this side keep shooting...
Let's try our best this time.
Nothing's easy.
The question will be delivered
in real time.
We don't have any questions in hand.
Will there be only 1 question
between the 2?
You never know where you have to go.
You go with Bo Ah.
Go that way, Baek Hyun.
- Which direction?
- The quiz is here.
We shouldn't stay together.
Focus please.
Here's the quiz.
It's about Jong Min.
What does Jong Min...
say the most to his manager?
- Let's go first.
- Do we have to go?
Me?
- Me?
- Say "Answer."
You get nervous when it's about you.
What's wrong with this?
- Now...
- Answer.
- Bring me water.
- Wrong.
Hey. What was that?
I get my own water.
"Bring me water."
- Answer.
- Go ahead.
When will this end?
That's Lee Gyeong Gyu.
- That's funny.
- Next.
I'm not like that.
That's unbelievable.
- Answer.
- Go ahead.
Don't tell the boss
about this festival.
This festival...
That's what you say.
It's you.
- Don't lie.
- I'm not you.
I was pretty sure.
This is what the audience thinks
Jong Min would say the most...
- to his manager.
- Oh, not the one I said?
Jong Min say
the things you said so far,
but it wasn't close.
Are you guessing your own question?
Come and try, then.
What do you say the most often
to your manager?
What is it?
(Jong Min's own impression
about him)
You can go home early.
Are you sure you said that before?
- Are you sure you said that before?
- I am.
That's wrong. You never
let your manager rest.
- He got his own question wrong.
- You have nothing to say.
Here's the hint.
Think of the impression you have
about Jong Min.
Right. That's what the audience has.
Think of the impression of Jong Min.
- Answer.
- The impression the audience has.
- What is it?
- I really can't tell.
- Answer!
The impression the audience has.
What's her number?
"What's her number?"
The audience...
What's her number?
(The dignity of the grand award
winner shatters.)
Hey!
He's so sarcastic.
The impression you have of Jong Min.
That's correct, but it's wrong.
Hey, I'm not like that.
I'm right this time.
I've heard it many times before.
- What is it?
- I've heard him saying it.
Go ahead.
Are you ignoring me?
"Are you ignoring me?" That's close.
- Right? I knew it.
- Answer!
"Are you ignoring me?"
- It's close.
- Yes.
- "Are you ignoring me?"
- Hurry up.
- Answer.
- Yes?
Do you think I'm ridiculous?
"Do you think I'm ridiculous?"
That was pretty close.
It's wrong. You got that part right.
- "Do you think."
- My gosh.
I got it.
- The impression you have.
- I got it.
- Answer!
- Yes!
I wonder what he'd say.
Do you think I'm an idiot?
(What would Jong Min say to
his manager most often?)
It's close.
It's correct.
(Is that the Watcher's answer?)
Do you think I'm an idiot?
It's 99 percent correct.
What's the answer?
- Answer!
- It's 99 percent close.
- You have to get it exactly.
- Do you think I'm a fool?
Do you think I'm a fool?
(Is that the impression of Jong Min
the Watchers have?)
I think it's correct.
Do you think I'm a fool?
Correct.
(Hyun Moo team wins the 1st round
of Watcher Quiz.)
(Do you think I'm a fool?)
"Do you think I'm a food?"
We finally got it.
Good job.
Am I supposed to be happy?
- Why are you happy?
- Because he got it.
- Do you really say that often?
- Our team should win.
- No. I don't say that.
- Really?
- He thinks you're a fool, right?
- Yes.
He answered it.
Then the current...
(Su Geun got the 2nd question.)
The next...
is about Baek Hyun.
- I think I can answer it.
- What would...
Baek Hyun do...
if there's no toilet paper
in the restroom?
What kind of question is that?
What is that?
- What's this?
- What is this?
(She runs.)
- When there's no toilet paper...
- What's this?
(She trips.)
(What do the Watchers think
of Baek Hyun?)
Wait. Someone's here.
Bo Ah. What would Baek Hyun do...
If you watched Baek Hyun...
when he was on variety shows,
this would be easy.
The answer is?
- Wipe with his hand.
- What was that?
Wipe with his hand.
- My goodness.
- Really?
- What do you think of me?
Too bad.
There's nothing to feel bad about.
Is that from your experience?
I thought this would bring you
to me.
You're my lady. Don't you get it?
- Impersonation.
- No.
- That's all.
- He's good at impersonating.
- I know.
- Okay. Jong Min.
Jong Min.
- I think I know.
- He would...
- alter his voice...
- How?
- as if it's not him,
- Okay.
- and ask for toilet paper.
- For example?
Get me toilet paper.
That's so wrong.
(His impersonation
makes people laugh.)
- That's so wrong.
- It's so wrong.
It wasn't right in the first place,
but "Bring me toilet paper"
is so wrong.
Now.
- I know.
- Jin Young's good at this.
- I'd do Lee Jung Jae...
- impersonation.
- He'd impersonate.
Wrong. You're getting there.
- Me.
- You're almost there.
Okay. Come out.
Get up and try your best
Lee Jung Jae impersonation.
(He clears his voice.)
Wrong. He doesn't clear
his voice like that.
- I was clearing my voice.
- Oh, you were?
Then you must tell me.
Ready.
I can't see from here.
Do you see that
there's no toilet paper here?
Please give me toilet paper.
- Your joke has gone too far.
- Oh, great.
(Lee Jung Jae's best line)
- Your joke has gone too far.
- Oh, great.
(Is that the answer?)
- One more line.
- That was close.
He's shooting
a traditional drama here.
What is it?
- Are you sure?
- Yes.
Hey, Brother.
- Brother?
- It could be a woman outside.
Hey... Hey, ma'am.
Do you have toilet paper?
- Answer.
- Please try your best.
Is there anyone outside?
- What did you say?
- Is there anyone outside?
- Is?
- There anyone outside?
- The three letters...
- I think that's the answer.
Is there...
That's three letters.
Anyone outside?
Correct!
(Correct!)
The red team answered it.
(He'd say, "Is there anyone
outside?" in Lee Jung Jae's voice.)
- I think it'd be Jong Min again.
- We're winning again.
I think my team's really great.
(Score 1 for each team)
It's about Daniel.
There's a problem with Daniel?
What would he say before
he kisses a woman?
Answer!
- Jin Young.
- What was it?
Line up please.
What would he say
before he kisses...
- a woman?
- What would he say?
How can you...
There's a Watcher's answer.
- Did you kiss a woman?
- How do you do it?
How do you do it?
I don't know. I really don't know.
There's a Watcher's answer.
Jin Young.
- I love you.
- I love you before the kiss?
(He's shy.)
- I love you.
- I love you before the kiss?
Wrong.
- What is it? Even I can't tell.
- It's about Daniel.
Since you know Daniel the best...
- Answer!
- Answer.
You have to get it.
You're so beautiful.
- Say that again.
- He's using dialect.
Say it again.
I see.
You have to speak in dialect.
Where are you originally from?
- I am from Busan.
- He's from Busan.
You're almost there.
- You're almost there.
- What did he say?
Baby... I mean, baby.
Why are you so pretty?
- Baby.
- Baby?
Baby.
Why are you so pretty?
Wait. He's from Busan.
That's not it. You were close.
- You were close.
- What did he say?
- What is it? I don't even know.
Seong Wu said it a while ago.
- He said the word.
- What did he say?
Daniel, you should try it.
- You should try it.
- I don't even know.
What is it?
- Try it.
- What would he say?
- Here.
- You got something here, Baby.
Say that again.
You got something here, Baby.
You got...
- You got something...
- Here, Baby.
You got something here, Baby.
You got one more word.
- What is it?
- You need to shorten it.
- Okay.
- Wait!
- We got it!
Wait! Give that to me!
(Everyone fights for the mic.)
(Everyone wants the mic.)
- No.
- I'll give it a try.
What is it?
- I think I know.
- I got the answer.
Jin Young.
You got something, Baby.
- Say it again.
- That's the same thing.
- You got...
- What did he say?
- Say it again.
- You got...
You got something, Baby.
You got it.
(Team Su Geun wins
the Watcher Quiz.)
(Thank you for
participating in the quiz.)
- "You got something, Baby."
- That was the answer.
Those were the exact words.
"You got something, Baby."
That's lovely.
(Daniel reenacts the moment.)
Baby.
(Baby)
You got something.
(He reenacts it for the Watcher
who came up with it.)
(But he's embarrassed.)
(He gets punished
after getting the answer right.)
I am sorry.
(Team Su Geun gets
the 2nd Key Guide.)
(Key Guide)
Which one?
(Choose one person from
the other team and check his key.)
- Okay. We've decided.
- Is that right?
We were very thorough.
Daniel and Jin Young are
very sharp.
While playing the game,
even while dancing, they read
the other team members' faces.
- Really?
- So everyone agreed...
to choose this unexpected person.
On the count of three,
please step forward.
You'll be surprised.
- 1, 2, 3.
- Henry.
- Henry?
(Team Su Geun
points out Henry.)
- Why?
- Why me?
They said you seemed...
like you were
on a different shoot.
(Let's look back.)
(Since the key checking
at the Room of Fate,)
(he's been constantly making
exaggerated faces.)
- His face changed.
- No. No.
(For this reason, he got away
from the suspicion.)
- He might be acting.
- I'm so disappointed.
(He said he had the Master Key.)
(Henry behaved suspiciously
from time to time.)
- No.
- You don't seem to know him.
- That's how he is.
- Whenever he's in a shoot,
he looks as if
he's in another shoot.
We felt it after...
Wait. I can't believe this.
I tried really hard.
- Henry.
- I worked very hard.
Bring your key, Henry.
- Bring it.
- What have I done?
- I can't believe this.
- Whenever he's in a shoot, he...
- looks as if he's in another shoot.
- That's how Henry is.
How can you waste
this precious opportunity?
- Only we know.
- Henry is always like that.
Give us the key.
- We...
- Here.
(They got the chance
to check Henry's key.)
- Wait.
- Let's say it together.
- Wait. I'm so worried.
1, 2, 3.
- Is this key the Master Key?
(Finally, the Judgement Cabinet
doors open.)
(Team Su Geun is certain
that Henry's key is the Master Key.)
(Team Hyun Moo believes that
they have made a mistake.)
(What result
will this choice bring?)
Please show the result.
(They confirm that
it is the Master Key.)
(Great.)
Look at his face.
(The Master Key is revealed.)
(Team Su Geun gains
a strong advantage.)
(They retain the poker face.)
(No way.)
You are unbelievable.
What's going on, Jin Young?
- They've got the wrong key.
- This is crazy.
- It's not the Master Key.
- What's going on?
(Team Hyun Moo
doesn't know the result.)
Wait. Baek Hyun...
(The owner of the Master Key
faces a crisis.)
(He got the Master Key.)
(But he couldn't handle
the pressure.)
(You are looking at the face
of the Master Key owner.)
(He feels bad.)
They look...
They look disappointed.
Take the Master Key, Henry.
(He tries to seem calm.)
Salute the Master.
- Master.
(What will happen to Henry now?)
- His ears turned red.
- It's not me.
- What's up with your ears?
- His ears turned red.
(Team Su Geun succeeds
to gain 1 Master Key.)
I don't think he has it.
- He doesn't have it, does he?
- He doesn't have it.
- It doesn't look like he has it.
- He hasn't gotten it.
Let's say we saw
Henry's Master Key.
What kind of a face
would you make?
It wasn't the Master Key,
was it?
(They go outside
for the last match.)
- Let's go.
- This is the last one.
It's nice that we get to
move around different place.
- Yes.
- This is lovely.
We get to travel from
afternoon to morning.
Finally, it's the afternoon.
Don't you feel like
you woke up from a sleep?
Jong Min, you are losing right now.
- Hurry.
- Right.
Clothes will dry
quickly in this weather.
What's the next game?
(Umbrella Flower Has Blossomed)
One female player from each team
will play the game.
They will guess the name of
the team member under an umbrella.
If the player eliminates
all the members of the other team,
or if her teammate hugs her,
they will win.
Wow, I like this game.
Everyone is going to
go crazy about this.
We're going to go crazy.
Let's ask her. Who would be...
- your Prince Charming?
- That's so childish.
- Consider us too.
- She has to choose one of us.
- Me?
- This is for fun.
You.
Me? Did you hear that?
(Don't you dare challenge me!)
(He's offended.)
She will never choose you.
Why would you try to
compete with me? Am I your rival?
- No.
- Why am I your rival?
I nearly bowed to you
because of the beard.
- His beard keeps growing.
- I shaved at 4am.
I normally shave twice a day.
- Han Na, who would you want?
- Among them?
Yes. Who do I want to lift me?
Who do you want to be hugged by?
- Who would I want to be hugged?
- Be honest.
Choose one.
Daniel.
You should choose someone
from your team.
She didn't understand it.
She didn't get the question.
- You didn't get it, did you?
- That's not it.
- You clearly said...
- I knew she wouldn't get it.
- You said 10 people would come.
- I'll rephrase the question.
- You said 10 people.
- I will rephrase the question.
- Who's your type?
- No. No.
(This is not what I planned.)
(So we prepared
an edited version of it.)
(Shall we talk about your ideal
type of man under the warm sun?)
(There are many great men here.)
(But I only like Daniel.)
(It's the drama "Master Key".)
(The end)
(The 3rd game starts.)
- Let's take off your socks.
- Take off your socks.
- Let's roll up our pants.
Okay.
We all look like models
for a jean brand.
Right. We look like a team.
(She watches them.)
(She stares at them.)
- Let's take off your socks.
- Take off your socks.
- She's looking.
- Cho Bo Ah.
You can't look, Bo Ah.
If you keep doing that, we will
think you're interested in men.
I am very interested in men.
You keep looking, Bo Ah.
(She laughs.)
- She keeps looking.
- Bo Ah keeps looking.
Where are we going?
Why did you go forward?
Stop getting ready to run.
You are young.
Why do you keep moving forward?
Go, Team Hyun Moo!
Go, team!
Let's finish the game,
Team Su Geun!
Yes!
Even elementary school
students watch this show.
Please stand on the starting line.
Let's play fairly.
So please stand
on the starting line.
(The player doesn't know
who's behind each umbrella.)
- Let's play fairly.
- Okay.
Ready. Start.
(They run.)
These rubber shoes
are tough to run with.
These rubber shoes...
(Get the big umbrella that will
hide your identity.)
(Run faster...)
(and run more excitingly.)
(He's running barefoot.)
I'm late.
(Daniel gets the sky blue umbrella.)
- It's big.
- It's mine.
Gosh, he's so fast.
(Baek Hyun gets a decent one.)
(Eun Woo gets
a flower-patterned umbrella.)
(Everyone claims an umbrella.)
(Jin Young gets a blue umbrella.)
(Su Geun gets a red mini umbrella.)
My goodness.
This is a good one.
Wait. I...
How did people
wear these shoes in the past?
(Henry gets
the transparent umbrella.)
- What's this?
- It's me.
What's this?
I ran well, but I couldn't catch it.
I should take off my hat.
Ready.
Go, Team Su Geun!
- Let's go!
- Let's show them how good we are.
- Go, Team Hyun Moo!
- Let's go!
- Please start.
(Round 1 begins.)
(Team Su Geun attacks Bo Ah.)
(Team Hyun Moo tries to hide.)
(Team Su Geun gets ready
to move forward.)
Cho Bo Ah flower has blossomed.
(They start running as soon as
she starts singing.)
(They run to hug
their team's player.)
Cho Bo Ah flower has blossomed.
(Team Su Geun attacks Bo Ah.)
We sound like
a troop of soldiers marching.
(Bo Ah should find a member
of Team Hyun Moo and eliminate him.)
(After 5 seconds,
she loses the chance.)
(It's Han Na's turn now.)
Kang Han Na flower...
(Team Hyun Moo aggressively
moves forward.)
has blossomed.
Kang Han Na flower has blossomed.
(Meanwhile, the leader of
Team Su Geun...)
(runs aggressively even if
it's the other team player's turn.)
(He's trying to position himself
for his team player's turn.)
(He falls.)
(His strategy was good,)
(his brake didn't work.)
Kang Han Na flower has blossomed.
The red panda umbrella...
is Su Geun.
(Su Geun gets eliminated.)
Do you want to see this?
I almost broke my toe.
(4 umbrellas remain for Team Su Geun
and 5 remain for Team Hyun Moo.)
I thought it was Bo Ah's turn.
It's very confusing. Pay attention.
I almost broke my toe.
(Will she eliminate at least
one person from Team Hyun Moo?)
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(Team Su Geun and
Team Hyun Moo charge forward.)
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(I'll eliminate
at least one person.)
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(Everyone runs.)
(They're only worried
about moving forward.)
(They hastily lie on the floor.)
(What?)
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(Are they Dumb and Dumber?)
The tiny yellow umbrella
is Hyun Moo.
(Hyun Moo gets eliminated.)
You are seriously terrible.
(Each team has 4 umbrellas.)
My goodness.
(Team Su Geun is at the front line.)
Here we go.
(Team Hyun Moo is in the far back.)
We have to be in the front.
Kang Han Na flower
has blossomed.
(Team Hyun Moo attacks Han Na.)
(But Team Su Geun
approaches her closely.)
(Team Hyun Moo is in trouble.)
The pink umbrella is Baek Hyun.
- No.
- No?
No. She's wrong.
It's our turn.
(Now they just have to run
and hug their player.)
Everyone is so near now.
We're doing well.
(Baek Hyun and Daniel
are in the front.)
(Team Su Geun is
just about to win.)
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(Now they just have to hug
their player.)
(Why are you approaching me?)
(They smile.)
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(They are like a romantic couple.)
Good job, Baek Hyun.
(Isn't this too romantic?)
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(Team Su Geun wins Round 1.)
(Let's find
the Master Key together.)
- What happened?
- How do you wear this?
(They only played 1 round,
but they're already worn off.)
It got stuck.
Don't take the yellow one.
That umbrella is the worst.
That's the worst.
- Ready.
- I am going to get the big one.
Start.
(Round 2 starts.)
It hurts.
(They run.)
My feet hurt.
(They start searching for
good umbrellas.)
I'm here.
(The fast runners get
the big umbrella.)
I'm here.
Here's a good one.
Why would you go so far?
Come on.
- That one is better.
- Is that one better?
(Seong Wu gets
the flower patterned umbrella.)
(Hyun Moo gets a big
umbrella this time.)
This one is really good.
Which is better? The red one?
- The red one is better.
- Is the red one better?
(They are the same.)
I can't run fast.
Baek Hyun, experience it.
Why do my toes keep getting stuck?
I feel so bad for him.
(Team Hyun Moo
and Team Su Geun)
It looks cute.
- It looks cute.
- Let's go.
Let's go.
Can we take off the eye patch?
Hey! Jong Min!
- Jong Min.
- Move back.
Move back.
All right. Please start.
Just stay like this.
Just stay here.
Kang Han Na flower
has blossomed.
(They run forward.)
Kang Han Na flower
has blossomed.
Is the red umbrella Daniel?
No.
(It was Henry.)
Don't move.
Why would you push me?
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
Cho Bo Ah flower...
(Seong Wu from Team Hyun Moo
and Daniel from Team Su Geun)
has blossomed.
(I hope you get busted!)
(It was close.)
Has blossomed.
(The umbrella moves back.)
Hello.
Green leopard umbrella
is Jong Min.
(Su Geun makes Jong Min
get eliminated.)
It broke.
(This is how you play a game.)
Did it break?
(Sung Kwang approaches Bo Ah.)
- It was close.
- Who are they?
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(Someone pulls Hyun Moo's
umbrella.)
(Hyun Moo is here.)
Red checkered umbrella
is Hyun Moo.
You said we should play fairly.
You are a scary man.
(Winning is all that matters.)
(Team Hyun Moo is losing.)
I'm scared.
(Will Eun Woo from
Team Hyun Moo hug her?)
(Or will Sung Kwang stop him?)
(Please come and hug me.)
Kang Han Na flower
has blossomed.
(Su Geun pulls Eun Woo.)
(Where do you think
you are going?)
(Su Geun stops Eun Woo.)
This red umbrella is...
(Where are you going?)
(They are still struggling.)
Come on.
This red umbrella is...
(Did Han Na...)
(find out about Sung Kwang?)
Daniel.
- No.
- How is that Daniel's body?
Ha Na is really bad at this.
Her time is up.
(Now Sung Kwang
just has to hug Bo Ah.)
You can't move.
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(Finally, will I get a chance...)
(to become the hero?)
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(I want to be as manly...)
(as Baek Hyun.)
It's lovely.
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(It's the moment
he's been dreaming about.)
(It's time to make
his dream comes true.)
Wait. Wait.
(He wobbles.)
- Isn't that a fail?
- What was that?
- Isn't that...
- No way.
- a fail?
- Wait.
- You should work out.
- Cho Bo Ah flower has...
Wait.
- Hey. What does that make me?
- I am so sorry.
Pretend I am light.
Okay.
Cho Bo Ah flower
has blossomed.
(He lifted her up in his arms
with his persistence.)
(Team Su Geun wins.)
Sung Kwang is the man
of persistence.
His neck veins protruded.
(Sung Kwang is the best.)
- We lost again.
- Did they win again?
Did we lose again?
Whose fault is this?
Someone must be
responsible for it.
Which ones have we done?
We got three.
You can choose anything
except for those two.
Let's go with the certain one.
Which one?
The fourth one is good too.
- Jin Young is leading it.
- It's revealing...
- one of our keys...
- We'll reveal one of our keys,
and we will check two of their keys.
- Didn't they do this?
- No, they didn't.
- That would be very certain.
- Right? It'll end the game.
He's right.
- Right.
- Yes.
We have already checked
four keys.
We just need to check
two more keys.
Which one's key should we reveal?
- We should...
- You tell us.
We will reveal one of our keys,
and we will check two of your keys.
- This one?
- Yes.
- Eun Woo and Han Na.
- Are we the ones remaining?
- Yes, you're the ones remaining.
Please give us Han Na's key.
- Let's reveal it together.
- Come here.
All right. Let's check it.
(Would the Master Key
be 1 of the 2 keys?)
- Come on.
- Let's start.
Ready. Start.
- Is one of these the Master Key?
We will reveal 1 of our keys
and check 2 of their keys.
That would be certain.
(They chose this to be certain
about the other team's keys.)
(Will Su Geun's strategy work?)
Su Geun.
(Please)
Baek Hyun is awkward.
It's not the Master Key.
Baek Hyun. Goodness.
He looks very awkward.
Did I act like that a while ago?
(No way.)
Baek Hyun is awkward.
It's not the Master Key.
(Laughing)
He looks very awkward.
(What was so funny?)
- Did I act like that a while ago?
- He's unbelievable.
(What does his laughter mean?)
Did I act like this a while ago?
- Baek Hyun.
- Our team...
Good job.
Don't you usually act well?
- Jin Young.
- That was a good one.
Baek Hyun is so bad at acting.
I chose a wrong person.
We helped them a lot.
- It's our turn.
- Is it our turn?
Bring it here.
- Give it to us.
Bring the Master Key.
- That's it, isn't it?
- Daniel.
- Please look at our faces.
- It's you.
- Please look.
- This is it, isn't it?
- The meeting was for nothing.
- It's your chance.
- They discussed it for a long time.
I won't say anything.
I'll put it in.
(It's the judgment time.)
(This judgement will provide
them an important clue.)
- Is this key the Master Key?
- It's your last chance, Daniel.
- Henry is thick-faced.
This is really funny.
Really?
They are so awkward.
(Really?)
Hey!
(What did Team Hyun Moo see?)
- It's x.
(We are curious
about Daniel's identity.)
It's x.
Han Na.
- I have no idea.
- Come here, everyone.
Baek Hyun, why don't you
use your chance card?
Yes. I will use it.
(Hyun decides to use
the secret chance card.)
(6 hours ago, the result
of the Watcher vote was revealed.)
(Hyun ranked first
and obtained the Gold Chance Card.)
- Bo Ah.
- That's a big prize.
(What is
the Gold Chance Card for?)
(It allows him to check the key
of one player.)
I chose one.
This will be a final blow.
We don't know
what Hyun's plan is.
(There's only one person
he wants to check.)
Is that key the Master Key?
(He asks the question.)
(What will he find out?)
- He will be shocked.
- He's acting again.
(The result shows.)
He's acting.
I got it.
Wait.
It wasn't the Master Key.
- He knows everything now.
- He can be...
- the first winner.
- Baek Hyun will win.
(Who is hiding behind Henry
with the Master Key?)
(Among 12 keys,
there are 2 Master Keys.)
(Team Su Geun
won the first game.)
(Seong Wu, Jong Min,
and Hyun Moo got checked.)
(But none of them
had the Master Key.)
(Henry's key got checked.)
(Team Su Geun confirmed
that Henry has the Master Key.)
(After checking Henry's key,)
(Team Su Geun checked
Eun Woo and Han Na's keys.)
(They reacted unusually.
What was the result?)
Baek Hyun, why don't you
use your chance card?
(Hyun uses the Gold Chance Card
to find the Master Key.)
You have the Master Key.
(Who has the other Master Key?)
Let's finish it.
This room has good energy.
- It was obvious.
- it was very obvious.
(Final judgement time)
(They have to sum up all the hints
and find 2 Master Keys.)
Give me some hints.
- Henry wouldn't know.
- I think I know now.
I have no clue.
Am I the only one
not having a clue?
Finally, it's time...
to find out the winner.
Here's how you vote.
There's a ballot on the box.
Choose two people
with the Master Key.
You should write down their names.
Let's begin the voting.
I really have no clue.
Be objective.
This is crazy.
(Henry has to protect
the other person to win.)
(Who among them is
on the same boat as Henry?)
My goodness.
Key Man, please collect the ballots.
I don't know now.
That's terrifying.
(Screaming)
(Bo Ah gets frightened.)
My goodness.
- Bo Ah, he must be surprised.
- That surprised me.
I think you put on
too much sunscreen.
He's wearing a facial mask.
My goodness. That was scary.
Now it's out of your hand.
First, I will reveal
the prize box...
the winner will be taking away.
- All right.
- It must emerge from there.
- Come on up.
- No way.
(What is the prize box?)
- What's that?
(It waits for
the last person smiling.)
What do you think is
inside the prize box?
I got scared to death.
What's inside?
What would be inside the box?
- Is the result out?
- All right now.
I will announce the two people
who got the most amount of votes.
Who is it? I have no clue.
Please reveal the result.
(The player who finds
the 2 Master Keys wins the prize.)
- Is something going to explode?
- Something is going to explode.
No.
- 1.
(Who will be the 2 people
to go up the judgement podium?)
- 2.
- 3.
- This is scary.
- What's going on?
(Henry is arrested.)
(Who is the other person
who got the most votes?)
(The other person who got the most
suspicion is Cha Eun Woo.)
- Really?
- No way.
- It's Cha Eun Woo.
- They got the most votes.
It must've been Eun Woo.
It was Eun Woo and Henry.
It was Eun Woo.
Let's see if you succeeded
to find the Master Key.
- Let's check it.
- It's going to open.
Henry and Eun Woo
got the most amount of votes.
Please go up the podium.
He got suspicious towards the end.
You are good at acting.
- You are a good actor.
- You look great.
Let's see if the box will open.
- First...
- It'll be funny if it's not Henry.
Please put the key inside the hole.
Relax. You can just relax.
- He did it.
- Please put the key inside.
Is my key the Master Key?
(This is when he was
given the key.)
(His poker face confused everyone.)
His face didn't change at all.
I will keep your secret.
You have the Master Key, don't you?
I don't think you have
the Master Key.
I don't have one either.
(Eun Woo claimed that he doesn't
have the Master Key.)
Please put the key in the hole.
(Is Eun Woo's claim true?)
One,
- 2, 3.
- Please.
Check the Master Key.
Please reveal the result.
(Who is the other one
with the Master Key?)
(Is it Eun Woo?)
(Henry is arrested.)
(Is Eun Woo the Master Key owner?)
Come on.
(It's open.)
(They succeeded to
find both Master Key owners.)
- Is it him?
You got it.
(Is this real?)
Really?
(Is Eun Woo really
the Master Key owner?)
(This is how he looked
when he first got the Master Key.)
- I knew it.
- It's Eun Woo.
I knew it was you.
Did you know it was me?
(We could've protected
each other.)
Wait.
- Towards the end...
- This is crazy.
- I got tricked by Eun Woo.
- What's important now is...
- I thought you'd struggle...
- The key is hidden.
because it's the first episode.
- No way.
- But you've succeeded.
This is crazy.
- What is it?
- No way.
- it's gold.
Is it for us?
Are we really getting these?
- Really?
- Wait.
Are these for those
who got the answers right?
Who picked
Henry and Eun Woo...
to be the Master Key owners?
Team Su Geun!
(Who will claim the prize box?)
(Team Su Geun claims
the prize box.)
- Go, Team Su Geun!
- Team Su Geun got the prize.
- Right.
I told you. Which team
you belong matters.
- The games are important.
- Watch what you say.
- Everyone got the prize.
- How did Henry...
(Team Su Geun won
Round 1 and checked 3 keys.)
(Is the Master Key here?)
This is so fun.
- This is really fun.
- I love this.
(After winning Round 2,
they targeted Henry.)
This is...
- He doesn't have it.
- Henry, take the Master Key.
(They revealed 1 of their keys and
checked the other teams' 2 keys.)
(They checked Eun Wu
and Han Na's.)
(Is the Master Key here?)
(He's nervous.)
(Does Eun Woo or Han Na
have the other Master Key?)
- Baek Hyun.
- You're amazing.
(What is that reaction?)
I gave him courage.
You can't see it.
How is this possible?
(One of them had the Master Key.)
(Oh, my gosh.)
(Laughing)
(His strategy worked.)
(Either Eun Woo or Han Na had it.)
Baek Hyun, you should
use your chance card.
(Baek Hyun used his Gold Chance Card
to find the Master Key owner.)
(Their identity was
on the verge of getting revealed.)
I chose one.
(Who did he choose to uncover?)
(Kang Han Na is selected.)
Is this key the Master Key?
(Does Han Na have
the other Master Key?)
I got it.
- Wait a minute.
- Goodness.
That wasn't it.
(Baek Hyun figures out
the last puzzle piece.)
Who does Baek Hyun think it is?
Only he knows.
(Team Su Geun targets Eun Woo.)
(Team Su Geun finds out
who has the Master Key.)
Really? That's so creepy.
- That's creepy.
- This is so much fun.
(Based on teamwork
and Baek Hyun's guess)
- That was good.
- I thought it was someone else.
The winner of Master Key is...
Team Su Geun. Congratulations.
- Master Key.
- Let's go.
(Everyone dreams of
having the Master Key.)
Once in their life,
everyone dreams of...
having the Master Key to life.
Would you like to hold
the Master Key?
(Those who want to win
the Master Key)
(Whipped cream is only a start.)
(I don't belong here.)
(Upgraded battle of Master Key)
(My goodness.)
(Those who defeat the opponents
can find the Master Key.)
(Are you okay? Get away from me.)
(Forget about the shoot.)
(They must go extreme...)
(to find the Master Key.)
(Who will be the second winner
on Master Key?)
(The Master Key)